Add question about setTimeout (#501)
h5bp/Front-end-Developer-Interview-Questions: questions/javascript-questions.md

* What are the benefits of using `spread syntax` and how is it different from `rest syntax`?
* How can you share code between files?
* Why you might want to create static class members?

> * At what time will the Settimeout() function be executed, if called at 4000 milliseconds?

Reviewer: maybe it worth to use the correct name of function? `setTimeOut` ? and (I'm not sure but) looks like in English `at 4000 milliseconds` sounds strange

> * After how much time will the `callback` be executed if invoked as: `setTimeout(callback, 4000)`?

Reviewer: looks like `after what time` should be

Reviewer: and order of words

Reviewer 2: Maybe `When will the callback be executed ...` ?

Author: It should be executed at time equivalent to 4000 milli seconds or more not at 3999 milliseconds.

Reviewer 3: I often ask a question about setTimout, in the context of a question about arrow functions. I first ask the interviewee to explain what setTimeout is and then I ask the following, which opens up a larger, potentially open-ended discussion. Trivia questions with a "right" answer are the kinds of things that people can cram for (by looking at a site like this.) Questions that serve as jumping off points are much less easy to prepare for, in advance. 

```suggestion
* When would you expect the `callback` function in the following setTimeout to be executed? 
`setTimeout(callback, 0)`?
```
